how do i write a coherent post that
actually keeps people's attention how do
i deliver value how do i write a title
and a meta that might get clicked how do
i do this in a way that google's gonna
like it without
compromising the human experience you
have two audiences there's the algo and
then the human each one of those is a
separate learning curve everybody's like
how long is it going to take i don't
know how good are you how smart are you
you good writer i like to think of that
iteration first blog post up there's an
iteration do another one how can you
improve there's all those little things
to improve upon
the seo path is effort driven i don't
have to spend a lot of money my wife and
i built her site started at 95
and 40 cents hosting in a domain 7.95 a
month for the year i still remember it
was all we could afford and that's
brought in millions of dollars at this
point in time and mostly because
of effort the school of hard knocks is
the absolute best school
trial and error is absolutely the best
teacher the one thing you have to do to
get on that path is to start
you